[FR][LLM assisted] Footprint rework (#10837)
wesnoth/wesnoth: changelog_entries/footpath_remake.md

### UI

>    * The footprint path system now gives immidiate strong feedback when multiturn movement is assigned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * The footprint path system now gives immediate strong feedback when multi-turn movement is assigned.
```

     * It does this by flashing any such footprints and fades them out over 2 seconds even as the unit is deselected.

>    * Changed how the red tint that indicated how movement costs works behind the scene. (cleanup)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Changed how the red tint that indicated how movement costs work works behind the scene. (cleanup)
```
